It's actually the best purple glass
It's the first time I've seen you.
Oh, my God.
It seems that someone just said what to do with the whole family
Why don't you go back and have a look?
Be careful
How could this be?
That's not possible.
Xiao Liang, you are amazing
How did you know there was purple glass?
Yeah bro
Usually in the core at this time
This is the first time I've seen your liver grow
Hahaha good luck good luck
Hey you say
So here we have this purple vitreous seed.
Is there any problem with opening the store? Of course there is no problem.
With this purple glass seed
Add your Heavenly Master to go down the mountain
Sure to attract a lot of people
Oh, then I have to thank Master Fang
Let's go for a long walk
Just next time.
Hahahaha bye bye
What are you doing, you and I are burning porcelain
What are you adding?
You will thank me.
Must not go
It's over. It's over.
The good porcelain bowl burned down
Ah boss
Let me see this junk
You like to give it to you
God, this is actually an ice crack
Unexpectedly, this process that has disappeared for thousands of years
Reborn
How did this burn?
I don't know.
A young man.
Throwing a stone into the stove
Young man, if you dedicate it to Qin Ye
Then we royal
I'm going to soar, hahahaha.